Previously on "The Rookie"...
I'm not a kid anymore. Dad.
I'm going to college
in a few months.
Are you gonna shadow
me across campus?
Don't think I haven't
considered it.
Actually. I was
thinking of moving.
To where? Here.
I think it's a great idea.
Where are you? An open house.
Are you... Are you and Chris.
uh. moving in together?
You guys are happy. right?
Do you want to get
dinner sometime?
I owe it to Chris to end
things the right way with him.
Ask me again. After.
Deal.
You hate New York.
I don't hate New York.
Every time we visit.
you are always counting
down the seconds
until you can get home to
your beloved Los Angeles.
It's your home. too.
For the past 27
years. by the way.
L.A. is where I live
and where we have built a life.
But New York is home.
It's like
everyone born here
is auto-enrolled into
the cult of New York.
And you got our daughter
going to school here. Ugh.
What time is Dominique
meeting us here again?
Noon. So we can
go get unpacked.
maybe mess up the bed a little?
I like the sound of that.
Hey! Get over here. man.
Man. what you doing. huh. huh?
What the hell are you doing?!
This fool tried to
steal our luggage.
It's the bellman.
What's he wearing a hoodie for?
This is a hip New York hotel.
That is his uniform.
I'm sorry. man.
Wait a second here.
No. no.
Mm-hmm.
I love this city.
Whoa!
Hey!
God. I hate this city.
Armed Stay.
I don't even have to
go to the front door.
I can set it from anywhere.
We're living in the future.
Disarmed. Ready to arm.
There we go.
That should brighten
things up around here.
Thank you so much. No problem.
Anything else you
need me to install
or repair while I'm here?
Yes. But I couldn't
possibly impose
any more than I already have.
Please don't worry about it.
No. I remember what it was like
getting divorced.
moving to Los Angeles.
only I didn't have any
young kids to raise.
Yeah. I thought it
was gonna be hard.
like... exhausting.
soul-crushingly hard.
I was right.
Well. I am here for all
your home-repair needs
or any stoic. manly opinions
if Tim is unavailable.
Thanks.
I know it was in here.
Something missing?
My charm bracelet.
I had it in this embroidered
box. and I just...
I know I packed it in here.
Here. let me help you look.
I get one for every big event...
You know. wedding.
each of the boys'
birth. anniversary.
Were any of the
charms worth much?
Some of them.
You don't think
the movers stole it
when they packed it up?
I could certainly look into it.
see what I find out.
Thank you.
I'd asked Tim. but
he's so busy this week
as acting watch commander.
I'm sorry.
No end-of-shift time
off on my watch.
When does Sergeant
Grey get back?
Okay.
Heard you were in
the big office today.
Yeah. just. uh. keeping
it warm for Grey.
Something I can help you with?
I was hoping I'd
get your opinion.
Um...
Lucy and I have been
looking at houses to buy.
Yeah. she. uh... she mentioned
something about that.
You know her taste.
Um. is this worth showing her?
Um...
it's nice.
What's nice?
Oh. uh...
I think I found the house.
Oh. great.
Uh. before I send
you the listing.
I'm gonna call the agent
and make sure it's
still available.
I'll call you when
I get to the office.
I can't wait.
How's the breakup going?
I'm in the planning stages.
I'm just reviewing
the literature.
Literature?
Lucy. a psychology journal
is not gonna tell you how
to break up with Chris.
I mean. uh. just invite
him to your office
and ask for his playbook.
Quick and easy.
His playbill?
His playbook.
When you get kicked
off the team.
you have to turn
in your playbook.
It's a metaphor.
No. it's cruel.
I'm... I'm gonna
handle it my way.
If... If you're having
second thoughts...
No. I... I'm not.
Good.
Hey. uh. your company just
moved a Genny Bradford.
There seems to be
an object missing.
It's a bracelet last seen
in an embroidered box.
No. sir. Excuse me.
No. no one is accusing
anyone of anything.
But if you could just
contact the team.
see if they know anything.
it'd be much appreciated.
Okay. Thank you.
No joy?
He said. "Let me
get back to you."
I don't want to sound cynical...
He's blowing you off.
Ah.
You seeing this?
Control. 7-Adam-15.
possible 2-11 in progress.
Subject white male.
black pants. plaid shirt.
Police! Show us your hands!
Hey! I got him. I got him.
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Control. 7-Adam-15. foot
pursuit of suspect. west on 8th.
Hey! Get down! Stop!
Hey. stay down.
Stay down. stay down.
Stay down.
You okay?
Yeah.
How about you?
Anything broken?
I'm fine.
Just arrest me already.
Oh. you're for
sure under arrest.
Then let's go.
I just gotta call my
girlfriend. She'll post bail.
Ah. well. I'm glad
you got a plan.
but you took a pretty hard fall.
First. we're gonna take
you to the hospital
and get you checked out
before we can process you.
Shall we?
How about next time.
you run and I drive?
Let me get back to you.
Thought you said Dominique
was supposed to meet us here
at noon. She was.
She's usually early.
Maybe she was up late studying.
Or partying.
You check her ClipTalk?
It won't tell us much.
It's her cover page.
Her what? You know the kids.
They have their real
social media accounts
and then the fake ones that
they give to their parents.
Are you...
And you're okay with that?
She tells me everything.
I don't need to stalk her.
She tell you why she is late?
No.
But I do know where
her dorm room is.
Hi. You must be Marta.
Dominique has said the
nicest things about you.
Oh. right. You're the parents.
Yeah. We're the parents.
And we're looking for Dominique.
She was supposed to
meet us at the hotel.
I'm sure if you guys had plans.
she'll be home any minute.
Marta. I appreciate you
having my daughter's back.
but now is not the time to
cover for your roommate.
Her bed's made. It
hasn't been slept in.
Honestly. I don't
know where she is.
Let's just call her.
We have. Several times.
Is this her desk?
Yeah.
She's studying finance.
These are all
humanities courses.
Oh. Um...
So she didn't tell you
that she switched majors?
No. she did not.
When was the last
time you seen her?
Uh. just after dinner.
Like 12 hours ago?
I'm sure she's fine. She
has all of these rules.
Uh. never leave your
drink unattended.
be smart about social
media. never walk alone.
always keep a phone
charger with you.
"Wade's Way."
I thought I was
talking to myself.
Did she happen to tell you
where she was
going after dinner?
Saint Genesius.
The church?
Just a couple bumps and bruises.
The scrape on his forearm
is about the worst of it.
Oh. thank you. And.
uh. thanks for the ice.
Any time. I'll get the hospital
clearance form for you.
Be right back.
Hey. Hey.
Ryan checks out. We can
take him to processing.
Great. I just got a
call from the movers.
Turns out the manager
wasn't blowing me off.
So they found the bracelet?
One of the movers fished
it out of the trash.
Why was one of her prized
possessions in the garbage?
He's looking into it.
He'll call me back.
Hmm.
Hey. can we go now?
I've never seen anyone
so anxious to go to jail.
Hmm.
You know. you haven't said
anything since we pulled out.
I'm just thinking about things.
I'm a good listener.
Uh... yeah. I-I need
to break up with Chris.
Finally. What?
Look. he's a good dude and all.
but. like
nowhere near your level.
I just don't know
how to handle it.
You know. I don't
want to hurt him.
Okay. Well. let's act it out.
You know. if you've
rehearsed it.
then it'll be a breeze.
Okay.
Um...
the process of buying
a house together
has made me think about
some things and...
Wait. hold on.
Time out. Time out.
Y-You're buying
a house together?
T... Yikes.
That is not helpful.
You're right. I-I'm sorry.
As I was saying... Yeah.
Okay.
Chris. it's not fair
that we move in together
when I'm having this
much hesitation.
And you're such a great guy.
You know. you deserve someone
who is sure of all of...
What...
Are you crying?
I'm
sorry. It's just that. um...
It's okay.
I thought that
everything that we've
been through together.
like. this meant something.
What are you doing?
I'm channeling
Chris's pain. What?!
You need to be prepared for
an emotional response. okay?
Let's just take it from the top.
This time. I'll
go the angry road.
No. Yes.
What...
7-Adam-19.
we have an R. P. claiming
there's a Na'vi
breaking into a car.
Uh. a what?
Na'vi. It's an inhabitant
of Pandora from "Avatar."
Ask her if it's
a full-grown one.
'cause those things
are like 9 feet tall.
Aaron. it's a
fictional character.
LAPD.
Whoa.
Oel ngati kameie.
Excuse me. What?
I-It's Na'vi. It
means "I see you."
Sir.
we received a report
that you're trying to
break into this vehicle.
No. No. no. no. This
is... This is mine.
I just locked my keys inside.
Even worse. I locked my
tickets in there. too.
and the preview screening
starts in like 20 minutes.
For what movie?
The Way of Water."
Yeah. man! I cannot wait!
I already got my
tickets for opening day.
Oh. man. It's
gonna be so great.
Okay. Look. We can help
you get into the car.
but we need to see some
identification first.
Is that in the car as well?
No. It's in my
loincloth. but it's...
It kinda slipped
underneath... Uh. ok... okay.
We're good. Could
you please run
to the shop and
grab my slim jim?
Yeah. I'm gonna take
a flyer on this one.
Oh. I'm so excited!
Oh. there's... Oh!
Oh. sir... You're...
You're just covered
in blue paint.
Oh.
Hey!
Genny. Hey. No one
told me you were here.
I'm here to see Nolan.
He was trying to track
down my bracelet.
The one with the charms?
What happened to it?
Uh. well. I tracked
down the movers.
They said they saw a
kid throwing it away.
They said it sounded
like... Tyler.
But he knows I love that thing.
Why would he...
Because he's mad at me and
blames me for the divorce.
I should go. You want
me to talk to him?
No. It's fine. I got it.
Thanks again. Of course.
This is taking too long.
We'll get you in front of a
judge just as soon as we can.
I don't care what
they charge me with.
I need to post bail
and get out of here.
Just calm down.
You'll get your turn.
Buzz one!
What makes him so certain his
girlfriend's gonna bail him out?
If I was her. I'd take this time
to reevaluate my relationship.
- You piece of crap!
- Hey. hey!
Hey! Get your
hands off of him!
Buzz one!
Code-99!
Secure him.
Get these guys back
in their cells.
Add assaulting an
officer to the charges.
Yeah. I'm good.
Really. Hey. What happened?
Uh. the guy we just brought
in wasn't very popular.
Make sure he gets
a cell by himself.
You guys okay?
Yeah. a little banged up.
You good? Yeah. I'm good.
Get over to the hospital.
Get yourselves checked out.
No. we're... we're really
good. We're good. Yeah.
Watch Commander's orders.
Yes. sir.
What is she doing at a
church on a Wednesday night?
None of it makes sense.
I'm starting to wonder how much
we really know our daughter.
Thank you.
Season your admiration for
a while with an attent ear.
till I may deliver upon the
witness of these gentlemen.
this marvel to you...
For 20 pieces of silver.
I'm sorry. what's happening?
I believe it's one
of those immersive
theatrical experiences.
We don't have time for this.
Have you seen this
girl. Dominique Grey?
I pray thee. what
you seek lies ahead.
But the path is dark.
Wade. let's just go
find her ourselves.
What the hell was
she doing there?
Seriously.
You know how many times
I tried to get her
to come to the theater
with me? Not now. Luna.
Avenge me.
Avenge me!
Pity me not. but lend
thy serious hearing.
to what I shall unfold.
We are looking for our
daughter. Dominique Grey.
Do you know her?
Thou shall be bound to revenge
when thou shalt hear my tale!
He won't break
character. Let me try.
We seek thou helpist searching
for this fair maiden.
That is the lady Ophelia.
but she is not here. alas.
Another plays in her stead.
Hey. hey. speak English. dammit!
Dom's not here. She flaked.
Her understudy's
playing Ophelia.
Dom? She hates that name.
Yeah. and she gets stage fright
ordering from the drive-through.
When's the last
time you saw her?
At last night's show.
Before the cops were
called. Called for what?
Gertrude saw her boyfriend
with another girl.
and the two went at it.
We had to call the cops.
Dom and Gertrude
left after that.
Where'd they go?
No idea.
Gertrude wanted to burn her
boyfriend's vinyl collection.
Maybe she did.
All I know is neither
of them showed up today.
Should we start
calling hospitals?
We're gonna find her.
And she's gonna have a crazy
story about losing her phone
and crashing with a
friend of a friend.
And forgetting that her
parents were flying in today?
No. that is not like her.
Experimental theater
is not like her.
I don't think we can
rule out anything.
Here she is.
Hey.
Sergeant Grey. Mrs. Grey.
Detective Olivia Terry.
I hear you're worried
about your daughter.
Yes. Dominique. She's
a student at NYU.
We flew out for a visit.
and she never showed up.
How long?
We were supposed to
meet up around noon.
She was last seen at
10:00 p. m. last night.
You know what I'm
gonna say. right?
We have to wait 24 hours
for a missing persons.
I'm aware.
But we do know that
there was a fight
at the performance she was at.
Cops were called.
Here at Saint Genesius?
Yes.
She may have gone with a friend
to confront one
of the combatants.
We just don't have any
names or addresses.
Look. she's a college student
feeling her new freedoms.
Are you a parent?
I'll get you the names
and give you a call.
But remember. your badge
means nothing here.
Don't go all cowboy
on my streets.
You need something. reach out.
Thank you.
Okay. one more visit today
and you guys get a free X-ray.
Yeah. you get your card punched
every time you get
your face punched.
Should I assume that
prisoner brawl in holding
equals a boatload of paperwork?
Uh. technically. it's
two boatloads. Mm.
Move! We're
coming through!
Folks. we
got a code blue.
Let's get that
crash cart prepped.
What happened?
Found him in his
cell unresponsive.
One. two. three.
No pulse. His heart stopped
twice on the way here.
He's
in V-tach. Paddles.
- Everybody clear.
- Charged.
Clear.
Charging.
Is he gonna be okay?
Clear.
Do you think he got
hurt in the arrest?
Maybe?
Charging at 360.
Clear.
As the
arresting officer.
it's my responsibility
to keep him safe.
Yes. but we have no
idea what went wrong.
so let's not make
any assumptions.
But what happens if he
doesn't pull through?
It'll be considered
an in-custody death.
An investigation will
be launched to determine
if your use of force
was within the law or...
Or if something I did
caused him to be here.
Time of death... 11:14.
Sir. for what it's worth.
I don't believe Officer Juarez
did anything wrong.
I hope you're right.
I'm gonna have to put
you on admin leave.
W... Am I fired?
You are not fired.
but you cannot act in a police
capacity until you're cleared.
Until then. I'm gonna
need your gun. your badge.
and your body cam.
You'll get these back once
you're cleared of any wrongdoing.
And if I'm not cleared?
If you're not cleared.
you could be facing
murder charges.
You hear about
Ryan Davis? Yeah.
You were the acting
Watch Commander
when the death occurred? Yep.
Where's Officer Juarez now?
In interrogation
with Officer Nolan.
You allowed her T.
O. To wait with her?
He's her union rep.
A-And you don't think that's
a conflict of interest?
That's up for I. A. to
decide. and they cleared him.
Once we're finished with Juarez.
we'll need to talk to you.
To get your official statement.
And so you can walk
us through exactly
what protocols you followed
after the death occurred.
Before we get started.
I just wanted to say
these kinds of interviews are
uncomfortable for all of us.
but Mr. Evers and I are here to
protect the city of Los Angeles.
Which means we'll
be conducting this interview
as if you were a suspect
in a murder investigation.
Got it? Mm-hmm.
This has been explained
to Officer Juarez.
You're aware as
a police officer.
you do not have the
right to remain silent?
Yes. I. A. advised me
of my Lybarger rights.
Let's jump right in.
After you tackled Mr. Davis.
did you notice any
signs of a head injury?
No. he seemed perfectly fine.
He didn't exhibit any.
um. confusion. dizziness.
sensitivity to light?
N-Not that I observed. but
we took him to the hospital
just to make sure.
Before the encounter.
did Mr. Davis do
or say anything
that might have made
you want to hurt him?
N-No. No. of course not.
Remember. you don't
have anything to hide.
That's what
we're here to determine.
If you did everything
by the book.
that's good for both
you and the city.
It limits our liability.
But until we know for sure
whether your actions contributed
to Mr. Davis's death.
we need to be prepared.
To prosecute me for murder?
Yes.
Shall we continue?
She's never even mentioned
a friend named Gertrude.
I'd remember.
Well. they're close enough for
Dominique to follow her here
to confront her boyfriend.
Looks like something
else she kept from us.
Have you seen this girl?
Hey. Hey.
Can I get your attention?
We are looking for our
daughter. Dominique Grey.
My wife and I have a photo.
If you wouldn't
mind taking a look.
we'd appreciate it.
Hey. hey. you.
Do you know who thi... Wha... What's going on?
This is our
daughter. Dominique.
You might know her as Dom.
We're her parents. We've
been searching for her.
Dom is missing? Yes.
We heard that she might
have come here last night
with her friend Gertrude.
Yeah. that's... that's
me. I'm... I'm Gertrude.
When's the last
time you saw her?
We came over to
confront my boyfriend
about that skank he
brought to the show.
I punched him.
And then we started making out.
All right. that tracks so far.
Where was Dominique in all this?
Well. Sian brought
co-conut water
and that's not
really Dom's scene.
so I think she got a
cab back to the dorms.
Fine. Thank you.
If she reaches out.
please call us.
Okay? Yeah. Totally.
Now we know why she didn't tell
us about her friend Gertrude.
Yeah.
You can go
home. you know?
No. I can't.
What if I'm the reason
that guy's dead?
I don't think you are.
I looked at the
body cam footage.
That was a takedown any one
of us had done 100 times.
More likely it happened
during the fight in processing
or a preexisting condition.
But even if he had an aneurysm
and I'm the reason
it went off today
and not five years from now...
Ryan robbed a jewelry store.
He ran from the police.
He made those choices.
I know what you're
going through.
In my case. I was
directly responsible.
I shot and killed a man
who pointed a gun at me.
And it took me a long time
to come to terms with that.
But I did.
How?
How can you do your job
knowing it might happen again?
By focusing on the good I do.
I don't know if I can.
How did Ryan die?
We're trying to
determine that now.
Did he have any health issues?
I don't know. We haven't
been dating that long.
Do you know where
he's been staying?
He kind of just bounces
from motel to motel.
What about his baby?
What baby?
He has a kid. The mom bailed.
When he does jobs. he
has this soundproof box
he puts the baby in.
He does what?
So the crying doesn't
call attention.
You don't have the baby?
We looked into Ryan's
possessions and found this.
Well. he's not staying
at a Four Seasons.
That narrows it down a little.
There's still dozens of
low-end hotels and motels
we need to search.
Everybody. listen up.
We have an
eight-month-old infant
that was abandoned
four to five hours ago.
and we need to call every motel
within a five mile radius.
Then 10. then 15.
Based on what Ryan's
girlfriend told us.
this has been Ryan's
M. O. For a while now.
So he knows how to
stay under the radar.
He probably checked in under a
pseudonym and paid with cash.
Well. that's gonna make
it hard to find him.
Exactly. so start with
the lowest of the low.
places that rent by the
hour and don't check I. D.
And work your way up.
We don't stop until we
find this missing kid.
Got it?
Okay. so she helps Gertrude
confront the boyfriend.
then what?
I don't know.
Excuse me. Can I take a look
at your security footage
from last night?
Sorry. no can do.
I'm a police officer.
That says Los Angeles
Police Department.
I don't think that does
any good in New York.
Then there's the
whole warrant thing.
Look. man. my
daughter is missing.
We know she was at a
party at this building.
I just need to check to see
if she left with
someone or alone.
I need to stop you there.
I would love to help
you out. but I can't.
I don't have the authority.
and my boss is off.
And I would get fired
if I failed to protect the
privacy of our tenants.
D-Do you hear what
I'm telling you?
My daughter is missing.
man! - Wade.
I got this.
Look. I just need
you to go back.
check the security
footage. okay?
If you don't want me to go
back there. that's fine.
That's fine. Just...
You can protect the
privacy of your tenants.
but I'll give you
a picture of her.
Excuse me.
May I ask you for a favor?
Right now! Wade Grey!
I found her.
That's her jacket.
Who are you calling?
Dispatch in L. A.
Soon we'll have an
address on that car in no time.
She got in the car but
never made it back to the dorm.
That's bad.
There's no way that's not bad.
I won't survive if she...
I know. I know.
Me either.
Hey. and we're gonna
find her. okay?
Okay.
Should we call that detective?
If I was her. I would say we
didn't have enough to go on.
So it's just us then?
Hey.
I'd rather you have my back
than anyone at Mid-Wilshire.
That's gotta be him.
Excuse me.
Can I take a second. please?
Um. okay.
Am I a good cop or a bad cop?
Trust your judgment.
Ralph Stevens? Yeah.
I'm Sergeant Grey.
You. um. drove this
girl last night?
Yeah. What time?
Where'd you pick her up?
Where'd you drop her off?
Who are you again?
Sergeant Wade Grey.
Do you have a badge?
That's not NYPD.
Are you from the
boonies or something?
L.A.
So why do I gotta talk to you?
The girl is missing.
Any information would
be greatly appreciated.
Oh. of course. Yeah.
I. um. picked her up
outside some place.
Big party was popping off.
Dropped her at
Sixth and Avenue C.
She lives on Fifth and B.
There was a truck
blocking the street.
so she asked me to let her out.
Did you notice
anyone following her?
Anyone that may have
looked suspicious?
In that neighborhood?
Yeah. everybody.
I'm really sorry I couldn't
be any more help. guys.
One more question.
Did she tip? Uh. yeah.
How much?
25%.
If you guys don't mind. I...
I got another ride
I gotta go pick up.
Yeah. Thanks for your time.
She always tips big. Yeah.
Seems like he's
telling the truth.
Yeah.
He's lying.
I told Dominique if she's
ever taken by someone
to disable the taillight.
He has her. I know it.
Now it's time to
call the detective.
Detective Terry has units
rolling out wherever he stops.
Good.
If you get too close.
he's gonna see you.
I know how to do this.
Okay. You're right.
I'm just nervous.
And scared.
Dominique and I have...
We've always been so close.
but there's been so much
she's been keeping from us.
And now if we don't find her.
we're never gonna know who
she really... Don't say it.
You can't think that way.
We're gonna find her.
Give Terry the address.
9226 Rugby Road in Queens.
Hurry. please.
Let's go.
Aren't we supposed to
wait for the detective
with the patrol unit to come?
I'll be
sure to apologize.
Help! Dominique!
Dad!
Mom!
Dominique!
Dad! We're coming for you!
Dad. please!
Ah!
Hey! Hey!
Hey.
Are you... You okay?
Mm-hmm.
God. I hate New York.
NYPD
Cop: Sergeant Grey!
Over here. We're safe.
So sorry. Got all
turned around.
I just got assigned
to Queens last week.
I'm so used to the
grid in Manhattan.
It's all right. The Grey
family handled business.
Officer... Smitty.
Of course it is.
No one matching Ryan's
description had rented a room
from the Sea Shanty's Inn.
I've been going through
his credit card statements.
No hotels. but he has been
to a bunch of other places.
Most of them are coffee shops.
Guess his kid's not sleeping
through the night yet.
Oh. Lila regressed
hard at nine months.
We had switched to
formula. and she...
Wait. He's got to be
using formula. right?
Right. Got it.
Uh. he went to this
24-hour pharmacy
in the middle of the
night two nights ago.
When your kid wakes
you up at 2:00.
you're not going more than
a block for the formula.
Okay.
City Center Hotel.
That's got to be it.
Lucy and Aaron are nearby.
Is it possible to
get negative stars?
Uh... Uh. no. Just...
Hola. Antonia. Um...
estoy buscando un
bebé. Y un hombre malo.
Dos. sesenta y tres.
Gracias. 263.
Gun.
You got him?
Huh? Do you got him?
Yeah! I'm going to 263!
Hey! Police! Open up!
I'm coming in.
Oh. Hi. Oh. my gosh.
Call it in. Baby's
safe. Code-4.
7-Adam-19. show a
Code-4. Baby's safe.
I'm calling a locksmith.
You need something more secure.
Dad. it's fine.
You can never be too safe.
You see how things can happen.
I got abducted out in the world
by two creeps with a
history of stalking.
The deadlock wouldn't
have saved me.
But if it makes you feel
better. I'll get three.
The only thing that's
gonna make me feel better
is bringing you home.
But I'm not gonna push it.
Unless you want to come home.
You have been through so much.
I think I should stay.
I feel like if I run home
now. I'll never come back.
Okay. If you change your
mind. you know you...
I know. Thank you.
For everything.
You know. I was in that
basement. and I thought.
"Mom and Dad are here. and
they're gonna find me."
And you did.
Oh. honey.
Sorry. I don't
want to interrupt.
It's okay.
What is it?
The coroner's report came back.
They concluded it
wasn't your fault.
His spleen was ruptured
during the fight in holding.
The coroner was able to confirm
it through video surveillance.
Someone clearly
stomped on his side.
But your arrest had
nothing to do with it.
So I'm still a cop?
If that is what you want.
It is.
Good.
Once the paperwork is finished.
you'll be cleared
to return to work.
Thank you.
You have no idea
how relieved I am.
Oh. I-I think maybe I do.
Go home. Get some rest. I'll
see you here next shift.
Okay. One more practice run.
No. That's not necessary.
I-I know how I'm
gonna handle it.
Oh. nice. Mm-hmm.
You know. I knew my acting
skills would come through.
So. uh. what are you thinking?
I'm gonna stop rehearsing
and just go with
my gut. you know?
This isn't a play.
it's real life.
and I just need to be
present in the moment
and the right words will come.
I like that. Yeah.
It's a terrible plan.
but I like the sentiment.
Mm-hmm.
Good night. Aaron. Okay.
Hey. Hey.
I was thinking sushi
for dinner tonight.
Mmm. I could go
for some unagi.
Ooh. Um...
Uh. or Thai. No.
I...
I mean. it's. uh...
It's not that. Um...
Okay. What's going on?
Oh. Aaron was right.
I should've
practiced more. Okay.
What?
Um...
I need you to give
me your playbook.
Wait. What?
Are you breaking up with me?
You know what that means?
I thought things were
good.
I thought we were. uh...
Let's sit down.
No. I-I-I can't stay.
No. I have to go.
Wait. We should talk.
What's there to talk
about?
You don't love me.
What else is there?
Thanks for coming over.
Well. you sounded so
stressed on the phone.
Did you... Did you talk to
Tyler about the bracelet?
I did.
And he screamed
at me for an hour.
Moving to L. A.
Ruined his life.
He wishes he could
live with his dad.
I'm the worst mother ever.
Ooh. Yeah.
I've been the worst dad
ever more than once.
Comes and goes.
Well. this is actually
my first time.
We were so close
before all of this.
He does realize he'll
still see his dad. though?
I don't know if he will.
I mean. Rob's in a
pretty bad place.
He always drank. but a couple
of years ago. he lost his job.
and then it just... got worse.
He hasn't shown much interest
in the boys or visitation.
That's rough. Sorry.
So then how did you become
the bad guy in all that?
I haven't told them.
so I guess they think I'm
the one standing in the way.
And I know I have to tell
them the truth. I-I know.
I just... I don't
want to hurt them.
You know. when my dad left.
uh. my mom tried to keep up
the pretense for a
while that he'd be back.
She even had me
convinced he was a spy.
That could work.
Worked for me.
But. uh. no. we...
We always find out eventually.
I know. I'll talk
to Tyler tonight.
How's it going?
Counting the seconds
until Grey returns.
What are you doing back?
I talked to Chris.
How did it go?
Uh. awful.
Yeah. But it's done.
So. did you have something
you were gonna ask me?
I can't remember.
Don't make me hurt you.
Do you want to go out on a date?
Yeah. I do.
Captions by VITAC...